# explicit null
 - [x] Every optional argument that causes a deletion / state change when non-preset should be replaced with an explicit value.
   - Optionals that don't can be ignored.
   - Examples:
   - `x?: boolean` => `x: boolean`
   - `blah?: number[]` => `blah: number[]`
   - `params: {...}` => `null`
 - [x] Document this in the tsdoc as you go, if and only if relevant
 - [x] Add to changelog.

# check if has focus
 - [x] add `like.canvas.hasFocus` getter.

# transform consistency
 - [x] Every single (relevant) draw call gets scale, rotation, and origin in its props table.
 - [x] private `gfx.applyTransform` takes in this interface to avoid repeat code.

# transition to github org likeOrg
 - [ ] Change all references here
 - [ ] Fix in npm
 - [ ] fix in jsr
 - [ ] publish new stuff

# Scene stuff
 - [x] Add like.getScene()
 - [x] Add like.pushScene() and like.popScene()
 - [x] like.setScene() -- only sets the top of the stack
 - [x] [NOT NEEDED] Add like.clearSceneStack()
 - [x] Add use of pushScene / popScene to mapGamepad.ts and document it

# Graphics extensions
 - [x] Expose gfx.context.
 - [x] Reducing graphics state:
    - [x] Add "withTransform((like: Like) => void)" to gfx to automate push/pop -- preferred alternative to fully procedural.
    - [x] Add "withRenderTarget(canvas, (context2d) => void)" for canvas.
    - [x] Remove clipping feature entirely (defer to V3) -- clip() is stateful and needs proper abstraction.
    - [ ] Others?

# Keyboard Extensions
 - [ ] Track keycodes as well as scancodes
 - [ ] Add justPressed

# Action mapping scene
 - [ ] Copy+modify the gamepad mapping scene to make
       it possible to map actions.
 - [ ] When actions fire, they return a gamepad number if relevant.

# Sticks!
 - [ ] Figure out Firefox/Chrome deterministic behavior for d-pads and sticks.
 - [ ] Add stick mapping to mapGamepad scene.
 - [ ] Stick digitization deadzone option.
 - [ ] Stick emulation from buttons.