# Mouse module
 - [x] make scroll stopping optional
 - [x] mouse setSpeed and setPos for captured mice

# Functional-Style Vec2 helpers
 - [ ] Vector2 should take stream iterators into consideration.

# Gamepad extensions
 - [ ] Add 'any' to joypad target -- Check all gamepads
 - [ ] Add joystickmoved event
 - [ ] Consider 9-state DPad layer
 - [ ] Option to digitalize triggers via actions system
 - [ ] Option to map stick to fake dpad via actions system
 - [ ] Option to map dpad to fake stick

# Transform objects
 - [ ] Research libraries / builtins for 2d transformation matrices.
 - [ ] Do these transforms during canvas transform operations for mouse transform / camera library purposes.

# Logging / crashes
 - [ ] Research better crash handling.

# Actions overhaul
 - [ ] Re-abstraction of actions. Pass all inputs into an like.handleInput callback that gets all raw info, and is called before like.handleEvent. The actions system is just the default one.
 - [ ] Remove input tracking abstraction.
 - [ ] Don't track JustPressed anywhere. Require using actions.
 - [ ] Add `getInputMap` and `setInputMap` for easy access to the entire mapping type object.
 - [ ] Add `like.input.mapStick`, `like.input.mapAxis`, `like.input.getStick(name)`, `like.input.getAxis(name)`.
 - [ ] Allow mapping axes to sticks with deadzones (vector2)
 - [ ] Allow mapping axes to triggers
 - [ ] Emulate analog on DPad
 - [ ] Digitize sticks and triggers

 # Text Overhaul
 - [ ] Add text metrics returning a Rect.
 - [ ] Consider various use cases for text alignment -- simplify API if needed.
 - [ ] Leverage Vec2 and Rect to find cozy, short abstractions for any text alignment in 2-3 LoC.

# Timer extensions
 - [ ] Consider renaming `Timer` to `Time` and allowing for multiple timers i.e. true scene time.
 - [ ] Wrap settimeout and give users an API for delayed calls + cancelling them.
 - [ ] Allow setting timer speed.

# Event module
 - [ ] Put callOwnHandlers etc. into like.event
 - [ ] Add generic event extension system: "token" example is adding fixedUpdate event.