# Go back to using custom events ('like:blah')
I don't like setting callbacks on modules. Let's just dispatch custom events to communicate between modules.
 - [ ] cover every module with this pattern

# Pass in dispatch rather than setting callbacks
 - [x] We pass the engine's event dispatch function to relevant modules. These still pass thru a function, so the engine can transform them if really needed.

# AbortController
 - [ ] Use AbortController to clean up callbacks. Per-module.

# API breakage: De-flatten exports.
 - [x] 'like/math' should be a real import, with Vec2, Rect, etc..
 - [x] 'like/core' can export all internals. "core", renamed to "internal", is a gate that says "I know what I'm doing"
 - [ ] cut down on reexports in the main 'like' if relevant

# New approach to API internals
 - [ ] Internal names are now prefixed with `_`, Public in like.ts strips them away to make a clean type.
   - [x] canvas.ts example complete
   - [ ] apply pattern to all modules
 - [ ] We still expose the internal type in Core, power users can cast them to get it. 

# HandleEvent overhaul
 - [x] Make sure handleEvent works as intended
   - [x] On scene pattern
   - [x] On callback pattern
 - [x] Double check documentation
 - [x] Make scene pattern actually based on setting handleEvent.

# Actions overhaul
 - [ ] Rename `like.input.map` to `like.input.setAction`, etc.
 - [ ] Add `getMap` and `setMap` for easy access to the entire type object.
 - [ ] Add `like.input.mapStick`, `like.input.mapAxis`, `like.input.getStick(name)`, `like.input.getAxis(name)`.
 - [ ] Allow mapping axes to sticks with deadzones (vector2)

 # Gamepad redesign
 - [x] Remove physical mapping. The problem proved too hairy.
 - [x] Remove use of numbers -- Just LikeButton
 - [x] One source of truth for types/names -- centralize, simplify
 - [x] Don't prefix DPad with "Button" for actions -- Just have two prefixes
 - [ ] Make it so only actions track justPressed, this is _just_ a low-level adapter.