# Javascript
 - [ ] Identify any possible JS hortcomings for JS users.

# Documentation
 - [ ] Module documentation such as `Canvas` not appearing on like.canvas `:(`

# Audio
 - [ ] Polyphony? 

# Keyboard Extensions
 - [ ] Track keycodes as well as scancodes
 - [ ] Add justPressed

# Canvas Extensions
 - [ ] Add "withRenderTarget(canvas, (context2d) => void)"

# Action mapping scene
 - [ ] Copy+modify the gamepad mapping scene to make
       it possible to map actions.
 - [ ] When actions fire, they return a gamepad number if relevant.

# Logging
 - [ ] Put a warning ONLY the first time when audio is (or would be) blocked due to autoplay policy.

# Crash handling
 - [ ] Bare minimum: descibe and test an idiomatic pattern for restoring game state after a critical error.
 - [ ] Make a screen that displays the crash + error message and encourages you to check console

# Timer extensions
 - [ ] Consider renaming `Timer` to `Time` and allowing for multiple timers i.e. true scene time.
 - [ ] Wrap settimeout and give users an API for delayed calls + cancelling them.
 - [ ] Allow setting timer speed.

# Gamepad extensions
 - [ ] Allow checking if a gamepad is sufficiently mapped
      - [ ] Canonize the use of button / stick requirements, and store them in a utility class.
      - [ ] Add a function to check if a gamepad meets requirements.
 - [ ] Add stick mapping to mapGamepad scene.
 - [ ] Stick calibration / deadzones.
 - [ ] Stick digitization options.
 - [ ] Allow developer to choose their button naming scheme?
 - [ ] Stick emulation mapping.
 - [ ] [Add name CRC16 and name fallback behavior from SDL.](https://claude.ai/share/9dab1deb-ea35-41dd-8c17-30e9985478da)
   - Note above: This hits 48 bits, awfully close to our floating point limits.
 - [ ] After doing the above, find any ambiguity in the remaining mappings and document it.
 - [ ] Note that Safari doesn't expose vendor / id. Can we still match based on CRC16?
 - [ ] Figure out SDL mapping of hat / stick to browser _for good_. Everything that _can_ be known, _will_ be known.
   - [ ] Document firefox behaviors by reading its source code
   - [ ] Document chrome behaviors by reading its source code
   - [ ] Document safari behaviors......if possible.

# Transform objects
 - [ ] Research libraries / builtins for 2d transformation matrices.
 - [ ] Do these transforms during canvas transform operations for mouse transform / camera library purposes.

 # Text Overhaul
 - [ ] Add text metrics returning a Rect.
 - [ ] Consider various use cases for text alignment -- simplify API if needed.
 - [ ] Leverage Vec2 and Rect to find cozy, short abstractions for any text alignment in 2-3 LoC.

# Event module
 - [ ] Put callOwnHandlers, scene functions, etc. into like.event
 - [ ] Add generic event extension system: example is adding fixedUpdate event.

# Storage module
 - [ ] Investigate: how do we best load previous state back from the last crash?
 - [ ] Investigate: Joypad mapping has autosave / autoload. Should action mapping also? Should this be in `storage`?
   - Thinking: Solve both with a class that basically acts as an indexedDb queue / cache.


# Mouse
 - [ ] Add getDelta, which returns the amount of movement since the last frame. NOT since the last time mousemoved was dispatched.

# Document input mapping workflow [Unreleased docs for v2.11.0]

## Choosing a paradigm for gamepad input

The two built-in ways to map gamepads are: controller mapping and action mapping.

If your game only has a few clear actions: "jump", "run", etc. then prefer action mapping.

Meanwhile, some games rely more on predetermined button positions. For these, controller mapping is essential.

### Action Mapping

Use the `like.input` library to bind inputs to actions. It doesn't matter if they're gamepad, keyboard, or mouse buttons.

It is best practice to allow actions to be remapped. `prefab-scenes/mapAction.ts` is built-in for your convenience.

### Controller mapping

The Web Gamepad API is lacking. LIKE wraps it as well as possible, but the only guaranteed solution is manual mapping.

Allow the user to map their joypad, using for example `prefab-scenes/mapGamepad.ts` -- choose which buttons or sticks you care about, and map them.

Then, use `gamepadpressed` callbacks and/or call `like.gamepad.isDown` and `like.gamepad.justPressed`.

## Keyboard input

Even if your game is heavily keyboard-reliant (like nethack), it is best to avoid mapping directly to scancodes.

Prefer to use the actions mapping system in `like.input` to create key bindings, and hook your game into it. Referring to action `drink` instead of code `KeyD` is also more programmer-ergonomic.

If you do use fixed key mappings (discouraged), choose from a portable, web-safe subset of codes.
- Alphabetical: `KeyA`, `KeyB`, ...
- Numeric: `Digit0`, `Digit1`, ...
- `ArrowLeft`, `ArrowRight`, `ArrowUp`, `ArrowDown`
- `ShiftLeft`, `ShiftRight`
- `Minus`
- `Equal` (also has a plus sign)
- `BracketLeft` and `BracketRight`
- `Semicolon`
- `Quote`
- `Backquote` (also has tilde)
- `Backslash`
- `Comma`
- `Period`
- `Slash`
- `Backspace`
- `Enter`

Note that `ControlLeft` / `ControlRight` and `AltLeft` / `AltRight` are even more discouraged -- anyone wanna press Control+Q right now?

Where there's text input such as `enter your name`, listen for `like.keypressed` and use the key code rather than the scancode. This allows the user to use their intended keyboard layout.

## Mouse input

Mouse coordinates are scaled for convenience. Call `like.canvas.setMode([240, 160])` and mouse coords scale to the rectangle `[0, 0]` and `[240, 160]`. Otherwise, it's the native coordinate (still centered on 0,0).

If you intend to allow scrolling on your page while the mouse is above the game, use `like.mouse.setMode({ lock: false, scrollBlock: false })`.

Use `like.mousemoved` or `like.mouse.getPosition`.

### Capture

Some games benefit from capture aka pointer lock. Call `like.mouse.setMode({ lock: true, speed: 1 })` to use capture, and now the mouse is locked to the game.

When you enter capture, the mouse `pos` becomes virtual, bounded to canvas edges, plus controlled via the speed setting and teleport-able via `like.mouse.setCapturedPos`.

When you exit capture, the mouse will be in the same spot the capture was started in.

Note that your mode settings from non-capture mode are preserved in capture mode and vice-versa.